docs: argocd dex oath invalid credentials (#863)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/additional-services/argocd.md

    - Apps-of-Apps will currently be regarded as a preview feature and, as such, we reserve the right to disable it if it interferes with our OPS policies/practices – should that unfortunate event happen, it will be in dialogue with the customer.

Argo CD cannot create [HNC](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/hierarchical-namespaces) namespaces and deploy services into them. This means that as an Application Developer you cannot template the namespace as a value in a manifest. As an Application Developer you need to create subnamespaces manually and deploy applications into it. Read more about the decision [here](../../adr/0042-argocd-dynamic-hnc-namespaces.md).

## Known Issues

- With Argo CD CLI access granted, an issue authenticating via Dex can occur and you will see an error message of

  > failed to get token: oauth2: "invalid_client” “Invalid client credentials."

>   > This is a known issue in Argo CD and the progress for it can be tracked [here](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/17088).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  This is a known issue in Argo CD and the progress for it can be tracked [here](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/17088).
```

    - Apps-of-Apps will currently be regarded as a preview feature and, as such, we reserve the right to disable it if it interferes with our OPS policies/practices – should that unfortunate event happen, it will be in dialogue with the customer.

Argo CD cannot create [HNC](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/hierarchical-namespaces) namespaces and deploy services into them. This means that as an Application Developer you cannot template the namespace as a value in a manifest. As an Application Developer you need to create subnamespaces manually and deploy applications into it. Read more about the decision [here](../../adr/0042-argocd-dynamic-hnc-namespaces.md).

## Known Issues

- With Argo CD CLI access granted, an issue authenticating via Dex can occur and you will see an error message of

  > failed to get token: oauth2: "invalid_client” “Invalid client credentials."

>   This is a known issue in Argo CD and the progress for it can be tracked [here](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/17088). Sometimes, when encountering this login issue, opening a new tab and re-trying the login process after entering the argocd homepage URL can resolve the problem.

Reviewer 2: Nit-pick :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
  This is a known issue in Argo CD and the progress for it can be tracked [here](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/17088). Sometimes, when encountering this login issue, opening a new tab and re-trying the login process after entering the Argo CD homepage URL can resolve the problem.
```

ArgoCD cannot create [HNC](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/hierarchical-namespaces) namespaces and deploy services into them. This means that as an Application Developer you cannot template the namespace as a value in a manifest. As an Application Developer you need to create subnamespaces manually and deploy applications into it. Read more about the decision [here](../../adr/0042-argocd-dynamic-hnc-namespaces.md).

## Known Issues

> - [Dex OAUTH: "invalid client credentials"](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/17088)

Reviewer: Nit; I would prefer if there was a short explanation of the bug/problem after which we can link to the upstream github issue in dex.

Reviewer: .. in ArgoCD (and not dex)

Reviewer 3: :+1: Please provide an executive summary.

Author: Did so before i left yesterday, please check it out! :+1: @cristiklein @OlleLarsson

> - [Dex OAUTH: "invalid client credentials"](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/17088) - Authentication through UI often fails with the following message: _failed to get token: oauth2: "invalid client" "invalid client credentials."_.

Reviewer: Is this summary correct @robinelastisys @Pavan-Gunda @davidumea ?
```suggestion
- With ArgoCD CLI access granted an issue authenticating via Dex can occur and you will see an error message of
  
  > failed to get token: oauth2: "invalid_client” “Invalid client credentials."

This is a known issue in ArgoCD and the progress for it can be tracked [here](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/17088).
```

Reviewer 2: Yes this looks good to me

Reviewer 4: LGTM!

Reviewer 2: @robinelastisys I see this marked as resolved but the changes aren't pushed

Author: Now its fixed! :+1:

ArgoCD cannot create [HNC](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/hierarchical-namespaces) namespaces and deploy services into them. This means that as an Application Developer you cannot template the namespace as a value in a manifest. As an Application Developer you need to create subnamespaces manually and deploy applications into it. Read more about the decision [here](../../adr/0042-argocd-dynamic-hnc-namespaces.md).

## Known Issues

> - With ArgoCD CLI access granted, an issue authenticating via Dex can occur and you will see an error message of

Reviewer 2: To stay consistent
```suggestion
- With Argo CD CLI access granted, an issue authenticating via Dex can occur and you will see an error message of
```

  > failed to get token: oauth2: "invalid_client” “Invalid client credentials."

>   > This is a known issue in ArgoCD and the progress for it can be tracked [here](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/issues/17088).

Reviewer 2: This still isn't separated, but nice that you found more places where we had missed the space between "Argo" and "CD" :slightly_smiling_face:
